README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md and add corresponding TODO task
Updated README.md to accurately reflect the current application features, including interactive lessons, dynamic navigation, responsive design, and customizable fonts (scaling and selection of Noto Naskh Arabic, Noto Sans Arabic, Baloo Arabic).

Added a new task to TODO.md for this README update.

README.md, after:

# Interactive Arabic Grammar Rules - Madinah Book 1

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project designed to provide an interactive way to learn Arabic grammar, based on the content of Madinah Book 1 (دروس اللغة العربية لغير الناطقين بها - الجزء الأول).

## Features

- **Interactive Lessons:** Explore grammar rules from Madinah Book 1 with clear explanations.
- **Dynamic Navigation:** Easily switch between lessons using the sidebar.
- **Responsive Design:** Access the application on desktop and mobile devices.
- **Customizable Fonts:** 
    - **Font Scaling:** Adjust the Arabic text size for better readability.
    - **Font Selection:** Choose from multiple Arabic fonts (Noto Naskh Arabic, Noto Sans Arabic, Baloo Arabic) to suit your preference.
- **Self-Hosted Fonts:** Utilizes locally hosted fonts for consistent rendering and performance.

## Getting Started

First, ensure you have Node.js and npm (or yarn/pnpm/bun) installed. Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

The main application logic can be found in `src/app/page.tsx` and related components within the `src/components/` directory.

This project uses self-hosted fonts managed via `@font-face` in `src/app/custom-globals.css` and leverages Next.js's App Router.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
